# CommandConfiguration

The configuration for a command.

```
struct CommandConfiguration
```

---

## init(commandName:abstract:usage:discussion:version:shouldDisplay:subcommands:groupedSubcommands:defaultSubcommand:helpNames:aliases:)

Creates the configuration for a command.

```
init(commandName: String? = nil, abstract: String = "", usage: String? = nil, discussion: String = "", version: String = "", shouldDisplay: Bool = true, subcommands ungroupedSubcommands: [ParsableCommand.Type] = [], groupedSubcommands: [CommandGroup] = [], defaultSubcommand: ParsableCommand.Type? = nil, helpNames: NameSpecification? = nil, aliases: [String] = [])
```

### Parameters

`commandName`

The name of the command to use on the command line. If
`commandName` is `nil`, the command name is derived by converting
the name of the command type to hyphen-separated lowercase words.

`abstract`

A one-line description of the command.

`usage`

A custom usage description for the command. When you provide
a non-`nil` string, the argument parser uses `usage` instead of
automatically generating a usage description. Passing an empty string
hides the usage string altogether.

`discussion`

A longer description of the command.

`version`

The version number for this command. When you provide a
non-empty string, the argument parser prints it if the user provides
a `--version` flag.

`shouldDisplay`

A Boolean value indicating whether the command
should be shown in the extended help display.

`ungroupedSubcommands`

An array of the types that define subcommands
for the command that are not part of any command group.

`groupedSubcommands`

An array of command groups, each of which defines
subcommands that are part of that logical group.

`defaultSubcommand`

The default command type to run if no subcommand
is given.

`helpNames`

The flag names to use for requesting help, when combined
with a simulated Boolean property named `help`. If `helpNames` is
`nil`, the names are inherited from the parent command, if any, or
are `-h` and `--help`.

`aliases`

An array of aliases for the command’s name. All of the aliases
MUST not match the actual command name, whether that be the derived name
if `commandName` is not provided, or `commandName` itself if provided.

---

## abstract

A one-line description of this command.

```
var abstract: String
```

---

## aliases

An array of aliases for the command’s name.

```
var aliases: [String]
```

### Discussion

All of the aliases MUST not match the actual command’s name,
whether that be the derived name if `commandName` is not provided,
or `commandName` itself if provided.

---

## commandName

The name of the command to use on the command line.

```
var commandName: String?
```

### Discussion

If `nil`, the command name is derived by converting the name of
the command type to hyphen-separated lowercase words.

---

## defaultSubcommand

The default command type to run if no subcommand is given.

```
var defaultSubcommand: ParsableCommand.Type?
```

---

## discussion

A longer description of this command, to be shown in the extended help
display.

```
var discussion: String
```

### Discussion

Can include specific abstracts about the argument’s possible values (e.g.
for a custom `EnumerableOptionValue` type), or can describe
a static block of text that extends the description of the argument.

---

## groupedSubcommands

The list of subcommands and subcommand groups.

```
var groupedSubcommands: [CommandGroup]
```

---

## helpNames

Flag names to be used for help.

```
var helpNames: NameSpecification?
```

---

## shouldDisplay

A Boolean value indicating whether this command should be shown in
the extended help display.

```
var shouldDisplay: Bool
```

---

## subcommands

An array of the types that define subcommands for this command.

```
var subcommands: [ParsableCommand.Type] { get set }
```

### Discussion

This property “flattens” the grouping structure of the subcommands.
Use ‘ungroupedSubcommands’ to access ‘groupedSubcommands’ to retain the grouping structure.

---

## ungroupedSubcommands

An array of types that define subcommands for this command and are
not part of any command group.

```
var ungroupedSubcommands: [ParsableCommand.Type]
```

---

## usage

A customized usage string to be shown in the help display and error
messages.

```
var usage: String?
```

### Discussion

If `usage` is `nil`, the help display and errors show the autogenerated
usage string. To hide the usage string entirely, set `usage` to the empty
string.

---

## version

Version information for this command.

```
var version: String
```